README.md, before:

##433 MHz Power Switches Frontend

This is a simple network front end for a set of wireless remote power switches in my home. It sets up an HTTP server, drives a 433 MHz transmitter and displays the current status of the power sockets. The design is responsive to work on phones as well as desktop computers.

###Sockets
I got mine from a large retailer in germany, and they are branded "REV". There's only a few protocols for those radio power outlets, but I found it quicker to just reverse engineer the timing of the signals with a receiver (they come together with the transmitter for just 1-2 Euros) and a logic analyzer. There's an excellent library that covers most wireless control protocols at [RC Switch](https://github.com/sui77/rc-switch).

###Control sequences
Power up the receiver and connect a logic analyzer to the data line. Then press buttons on the remote and capture the sequence. Take note of the timinig. I only captured three on and three off signals (since I only have three power sockets). The encoding seems to be a return zero code, where a "1" is encoded by the data line being high for 875us and then low for 275us, and the "0" is encoded by a high for 275us and then low for 875us. A command is encoded by 25 bit, where the 3rd nibble
seems to encode the channel id, and the 6th nibble (counting from left to right) is either on or off.

This is what one command looks like on the analyzer output:
![Sample trace output](/images/trace_1_on.png)

I repeated the process for the on 

    1 ON    1101 0101 1101 0100 0000 1100 0
    1 OFF   1101 0101 1101 0100 0000 0011 0

    2 ON    1101 0101 0111 0100 0000 1100 0
    2 OFF   1101 0101 0111 0100 0000 0011 0

    3 ON    1101 0101 1010 0100 0000 1100 0
    3 OFF   1101 0101 1010 0100 0000 0011 0

The remote sends each control sequence 5 times in a row, but I went with 10 times, because my transmitter only runs on 3.3V and the signal needs pass through walls. From what I can tell, this seems to work quite reliably. The transmitter can take up to 12V, if more range is needed.

###HTML
There's only one page, which is the html templata in the /data folder. The favicon and the CSS are seperate and get served statically, the html is parsed by the program before delivery and certain wildcards are replaced with dynamic values. This slows down page delivery quite a bit, so I will probably move the system info to a seperate page and only parse for the button states. The request gets sent through a POST request. I find that to be a much cleaner solution than using GET.

The CSS also has a small responsive portion to make the site easily usable on my phone as well. Nothing fancy, though.

Commit message:

Add missing text to README

README.md, after:

##433 MHz Power Switches Frontend

This is a simple network front end for a set of wireless remote power switches in my home. It sets up an HTTP server, drives a 433 MHz transmitter and displays the current status of the power sockets. The design is responsive to work on phones as well as desktop computers.

###Sockets
I got mine from a large retailer in germany, and they are branded "REV". There's only a few protocols for those radio power outlets, but instead of opening it, looking for the radio chip ID and adapting an existing library, I found it quicker and easier to just reverse engineer the timing of the signals with a receiver (they come together with the transmitter for just 1-2 Euros) and a logic analyzer. If you want to take the other route, however, there's an excellent library that covers most wireless control protocols at [RC Switch](https://github.com/sui77/rc-switch).

###Control sequences
Power up the receiver and connect a logic analyzer to the data line. Then press buttons on the remote and capture the sequence. Take note of the timinig. I only captured three on and three off signals (since I only have three power sockets). The encoding seems to be a return zero code, where a "1" is encoded by the data line being high for 875us and then low for 275us, and the "0" is encoded by a high for 275us and then low for 875us. A command has 25 bit, where the 3rd nibble
seems to encode the channel id, and the 6th nibble (counting from left to right) is either on or off.

This is what one command looks like on the analyzer output:
![Sample trace output](/images/trace_1_on.png)

I repeated the process for the other buttons on the remote as well and those are the sequences I measured:

    1 ON    1101 0101 1101 0100 0000 1100 0
    1 OFF   1101 0101 1101 0100 0000 0011 0

    2 ON    1101 0101 0111 0100 0000 1100 0
    2 OFF   1101 0101 0111 0100 0000 0011 0

    3 ON    1101 0101 1010 0100 0000 1100 0
    3 OFF   1101 0101 1010 0100 0000 0011 0

The remote sends each control sequence 5 times in a row, but I went with 10 times, because my transmitter only runs on 3.3V and the signal needs to pass through walls. From what I can tell, this seems to work quite reliably. The transmitter could take up to 12V, if more range is needed.

###HTML
There's only one page, which is the html templata in the /data folder. The favicon and the CSS are seperate and get served statically, the html is parsed by the program before delivery and certain wildcards are replaced with dynamic values. This slows down page delivery quite a bit, so I will probably move the system info to a seperate page and only parse for the button states. The request gets sent through a POST request. I find that to be a much cleaner solution than using GET.

The responsive part of the HTML is nothing fancy. It basically makes text and buttons and the whole page fullscreen when displayed on a phone.
